# **Ocean's Eleven Team Retrospective**
For our CMPE 202 project this semester, we decided to build a Javascript game called "Fat Cat". Our game revolves around our main character, a cat, which must stay "healthy" by avoiding unhealthy foods in order to complete the game. If the cat eats too many unhealthy foods, the speed and acceleration levels of the cat decrease, making it harder to conquer obstacles that it may face. The main objective of this game is to finish all obstacles and levels in the the game as fast as possible for a highest possible score.

## What we did well
We believe the organization and structure of our project was executed well. Using Kanban, Scrum, and Agile methodologies, we were able to create tasks, assign tasks, and complete tasks within an alotted timeframe. We believe we worked well as a team to take large to-do items and split them into smaller tasks for the week where task-dependency was minimal. We organized our project so that the first couple of weeks at the beginning of our project were dedicated towards research, learning, and brainstorming so that we would be able to have a strong game plan set up for the development weeks thereafter. Our weekly meetings allowed us to communicate about project issues and future project tasks as well as provide feedback to one another about current project status. We believe our project organization, structure, and team communication helped us to meet all project requirements and successfully complete our project.

## What we could have improved on
While we believe our project development went well, we believe we can improve in future development by having more specific backlog items, which would allow for better project integration and testing throughout the week. For future development, this will be vital since each project component will be more complex and harder to test and integrate unless testing is done for every small component. Breaking each backlog item into even smaller items would help detect errors and issues earlier on and would help make the development process faster.

## Future work
If we continue to develop this game in the future, one of the things we would work on would be adding more levels of difficulty to the game with increasing complexities. We would also like to add an option to select different characters within the game, each with different special attributes or abilities, such as a tiger that can regenerate its health or a lion that starts off with higher health than normal. This will allow players the ability to play the game with different abilities each time. We have also brainstormed ideas about adding new objects and obstacles to the game, such as different "healthy" and "unhealthy" objects, as well as other objects that would have different and special properties (i.e. an orange which gives the character 2x health or speed once consumed), in order to make the game more engaging and challenging.

## Conclusion
Overall, as a team we believe we did our best work to complete this project and build a working JavaScript game with design patterns. We believe that using Agile practices helped us a team because it showed us how to structure and organize our project well amongst ourselves. We also believe that using design patterns in our game code allowed us to develop good code architecture and design, which actually makes it easier for us to develop future code. We all learned a lot from this project and plan on using these new strategies in future development and work.
